
Feb, 27, 2023
Sample 1
            Does happiness lie in contentment?
      It is often said that "Happiness lies in comtenment."which means that if a person is easy to be
satisfied, then he will be happy.
      There are two kinds of opinions.On the one hand, some people support the statement above.They
hold that the most important thing in life is happiness, while contenment can bring them happiness.
And the material property is of no use at all. On the other hand, some people think that contentment 
is idleness and loss of ambition, and being content is just an escape from reality. They bellieve that 
discontentment is the first step to progress.
      In my view, people should never give up realizing their dreams, because with discontenment,
there will be development of the soiety.

Mar 2 ,2023
Sample 2
            Learn to be grateful
      Gratitude, the traditional virtue of all cultures, never fades in its importance to individual life and the 
society as a whole. Whether we are in a mood to happiness or not, we should have deep gratitude toward our life, 
for nothing is impossible to a grateful heart.
      In  our daily life, we are frequently confronted with hard times and difficulties.Luckily, we are blessed 
with help and assistance from our parents, friends,colleagues, and even strangers whereby we can survive  
and endure.In return for that, we should be ready to help others whenever they are in trouble or suffering from
misery. The more we give, the more love we receive.
      Nowadays, more emphasis has been put on the construction of harmonious society .If each member of our society
shows gratitude to others and to life, there would be less conflicts and more understanding.

Sample 3
      My views on group purchase 
      In recent years, group purchase has become increasingly popular in our life. In my opinion, although it is 
cheaper and more convenient , we should be careful when facing group purchase.
      There are two main reasons why I say so. For one thing, you might lose more money on group purchase because
you will buy something you don't really need once you  cannot resist the temptation of the low price.That will 
turn into another way of waste of money although you intended to save money.For another, the products of group 
purchase are usually not of good quality as those sold at the market price.Just as the old saying goes,"You get 
what you pay for."
      Therefore, don't follow the group purchase hastily until you carefully think what you really need and the 
quality of the goods.So please an eye on your wallet.

      